[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Where does he
hold it in his body?
>> Around his left side here.
It feels like a glob.
>> And if that glob could talk
to Michael, what would it say?
>> It needs to be released.
[SWOOPS]
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
My name is Michael Giessner.
I'm 54 years old.
I'm living in Portland, Oregon.
I grew up in a small town in
Germany called Neckargemünd,
just with 15,000 people.
I'm working as an
IT professional
at a major apparel footwear
company in Portland, Oregon.
Obviously, I have an accent,
but just coming to the US,
it was really hard having
had English and French
in school and now suddenly
being able to rely on
to get through your day
just speaking English.
The first half year
was pretty grueling
because you learn British
English in school,
and then you come to America
and everybody speaks, of course,
with a different set of
words, different accents.
And it's just been hard in
the initial couple of months
to just be able to
operate and function
because you have to follow
along what people say.
At the end of the day,
you're just basically tired
and worn out just by following.
I met my wife late, so
I didn't necessarily
expect to get married anymore.
So this was an absolute
out-of-this-world experience
to be able to meet her, go
through the initial getting
to know each other, and
just finding that for us,
one plus one is
three-plus, basically.
The fact that we really
harmonize so well to each other
and just add to each
other's life experience
was something that was
just tremendous to me.
My wife a couple of months
ago had a QHHT session
with Tracie Mahan, and
that opened up for me just
seeing what it did to her.
I don't have a lot of high
expectations to begin with,
but I'm curious about
trying it out and seeing
what happens to me.
I do have some
experiences myself
that I'd like to see how
things are developing, that I'd
like to understand coming
from a German background,
living in the US to see what
I'm experiencing every day,
how that relates to, and what's
coming up in the QHHT session.
I'm completely new to any
kind of hypnosis experiences.
I haven't been under
hypnosis before.
From what I'm looking
to get out of this,
when I grew up in Germany, I
was never part of the in-crowd.
I was always kind
of on the outside
and a lot of the target of the
bullying that goes on in school.
So for me, that was always a lot
of baggage that I brought along.
Even growing up for
me, it took a long time
to actually come out of this and
really be able to figure out,
what am I going to
do with my life?
I haven't really had any
such experience before,
but I'm really just
curious and open to see
how this will unfold for me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, I'm Tracie Mahan, and
I'm a Level 3 practitioner with
Quantum Healing
Hypnosis Technique.
I help people on their
journey to healing self.
In a quantum healing
hypnosis journey,
the answers are always within.
We find them within ourselves.
We already have the answers.
And Dolores Cannon's
technique is
designed to help us all find
and discover those answers.
A lot of times,
people will come in
and they think that this is
going to be a magic wand.
They think it's going to
be an easy, quick fix,
and it's something
I'm going to do.
It's so fun to bring
them through the journey
and show them that they are
already their own magic wand.
They already have the answers.
They are the ones that are
doing the work and the healing.
And it's a wonderful
journey to be a part of.
I always love meeting the
people and taking this journey
with them.
Michael has reached
out to me because I've
done a couple of sessions
with his wife, Sonsee.
He would like to find
some of his own answers.
Michael told me he
wasn't a skeptic,
but he wasn't sure
what to expect.
I love those kind of sessions
because he has no attachments
to those answers.
A lot of times,
people will come in
and they've watched a lot of
videos or read a lot of books,
and they get attached
to what their journey is
going to look like.
And that is one of the areas
that is very important to leave
all of that at the door because
you're going to have your own
experience, and it's not going
to look like anyone else's.
I often tell people,
your experience
is going to be
like a fingerprint.
Everyone will be
different, and your journey
is going to be different
from anything you see here.
The first thing that's going
to happen when Michael comes in
is we're going to
sit down and we're
going to have a conversation.
I've asked him to put
together some questions,
and we're going
to go over those.
And I'm going to interview him
and go over some of his life
stories so that I can be a
better facilitator for him
during the session.
And we'll find his
answers, and we'll
find his healing within that.
Oftentimes, we get
really caught up in life,
and we forget to slow down and
look at what's really going on.
And this is going to help
him find those answers
and slow down, and
really look at that
and get the deeper
meaning to things.
[STATIC]
The reason we do an
interview like this
is because it's really helpful
for me to get to know you
so that when we're
in the hypnosis,
I can ask some really
good questions for you.
>> Yeah.
>> Asking questions because now
I know you and might understand
a little bit more about
what you would like to know.
>> A couple of things.
Of course, my wife
had a session before,
which kind of
piqued my curiosity.
I'm just curious what's next,
as well as some of the reasons
that kind of things came
out the way they came out.
For me, growing up as a German
boy in a little village,
just trying to
figure out if there
were any unresolved
items from my history
when I grew up in
the little village.
I mean, my parents' home
was very protective.
I mean, I'm the only child.
So spending time
in school, I was
targeted with a lot of
bullying, so this was always
very rough for me.
So for me, it took a
long time to figure out
what I really wanted
to do with my life,
let alone actually go off and do
a job on a different continent.
But I mean--
>> No kidding.
Yeah.
>> --things really
did not develop.
Just learn how to stand
on my own feet, probably
developing relatively late.
But by the time in '96--
so that was when I was
28, I came to the US.
I think from the development
and on when you're asked about,
where do I see challenges in
the past, was really 16 to 18.
I really had no idea
what to do, and my dad
had a really, really
hard time with that.
He made me apply for
jobs that I don't
think I really wanted to do.
>> So how did that make you
feel when your dad's wanting you
to have this information?
>> Yeah, that's not
really a positive memory.
I was just glad that
nothing worked out.
I got as far as having
to do some interviews,
but really was not--
I mean--
>> So he's sending you out
to all these job interviews
and you're like, I
don't want to do that.
>> Yes.
>> But you didn't know
what you wanted to do?
>> I really did not know what
I wanted to do at that time.
And I ended up just having
good enough grades to get
into another school here.
And that's really
what changed things
for me from my perspective.
I mean, this was the time when
the first PCs were available.
>> Yeah.
>> I just used it for playing,
but then discovered that there
was more to it, and that there
was ways to actually program
that thing.
And it wasn't effortless,
but compared to other people,
very low effort.
Like, OK.
This makes sense.
I just discovered that this
can make a pretty decent living
for me with this.
From my perspective, things
that I actually enjoyed doing.
Of course, not
just make a living,
but being recognized for
actually really being
pretty good at it.
>> Yeah.
>> So that then set my path.
I mean, I really liked
what I was doing.
Going back to where I started,
I was looking for something
that I enjoyed doing, that I
enjoyed and I was good at it.
It took me till
probably around 2003,
2004 where this started
to get a little bit old.
It's like, what am I doing?
So I started to spend
more time in Portland.
Started to establish
friends in Portland.
This is more of a turn that
started to develop maybe--
definitely not before--
>> You're in your 30s yet, or--
>> I'm in my 30s by now.
Yeah.
So still very work-driven.
It took me a long time
to find my soul mate.
For me, it was a whole
different level of connecting,
and that's something
hard to describe.
But it's never-- something
I never experienced before.
We met in 2016, and we
got married in 2018.
I mean, in a lot of
situations we don't even
have to say anything.
We already know what the
other one is bringing up.
And this is just
something I've never
experienced before in a
personal relationship.
>> OK.
Is there anything
else that stands out
to you that might be important
for me to know today.
>> No, I think we
covered quite a bit.
>> You covered quite a bit.
You said you've never
been hypnotized before.
>> No.
Not under hypnosis.
>> OK.
You're going to have
a wonderful session,
as long as you go with the very
first thing that comes to mind,
right?
You're going to just--
whatever's popping
in, say it, OK?
Trust that you're under.
Use lots of words to describe
what you're experiencing.
And then if you feel
like you're making it up,
my rule is, please do.
Make it up, because making it
up comes from that imagination,
and that imagination is
pulling it from somewhere.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Those are going to be some
really crucial things to get
a good session.
That's all I've got for you.
Have any questions?
>> No.
I'm looking forward to
seeing what happens.
[STATIC]
>> And what do you see
down there below you?
>> My hometown comes to mind.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Looks like a winter day.
There's snow on the ground.
>> I never know where
people are going to go,
and so I always ask them,
what's the first thing you see?
Michael's experience was
hovering over his hometown.
>> Moving towards the
house I grew up with.
So I'm floating
along the street.
Looks like the door is--
I mean, it's closed, but not
locked, so I can open the door
and go in.
I go up the stairs
to the floor where
the room is that I grew up in.
>> So let's take a moment
and look at your body.
How do you perceive yourself?
>> More like a
teenage boy, I guess.
>> OK.
>> It was a winter scene, so
it took me a little bit of time
to orient.
>> Let's go ahead and go to some
of the other rooms in the house.
You still aren't seeing anyone?
>> Yeah, I do see
my mom outside.
I think I went back there
in order to meet my mom.
>> What is she
doing in the yard?
>> Well, it's odd because
it's cold out there.
>> Hmm.
>> But she's-- she's putting out
the feed seeds for the birds.
We always had a bird house
where we could feed the birds
during winter when it snowed.
She was always very aware
and wanting to help,
to offer them that
they find food
and make it well
through the winter.
It was nice to actually
experience that back with her.
>> So let's go ahead and close
that scene with you and your mom
and move to another
important day.
Where does that take you?
>> Looks like I'm flying
up towards the clouds.
>> OK.
>> Trying to recognize
what I'm getting.
It's just flashing, flickering.
More of an unease.
Not the comfort I just had.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It feels dark.
>> What do you perceive
yourself in that darkness?
>> Still floating light.
>> You're floating light?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So you don't have a body.
>> No.
Not a body that I'm--
not that I'm aware of.
>> OK.
>> Well, after that
scene, I was recognizing.
I was being able to relate
to what I was experiencing.
With that sequence, I was
like, OK, this is happening.
This is what's coming, but
I don't know what it means,
nor do I recognize it.
>> Where is it
that you're going?
>> I'm heading for a planet.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It looks purple.
>> The planet's purple?
>> Yeah.
At least, it comes with a dark
purple hue to it, the way it
kind of--
I see it right now.
>> Yeah.
He sees it was a purple planet.
That's exciting for
me because you never
know where those planets
are going to take you.
And in this line of
work, sometimes those
can be quite
extraordinary experiences.
What happens next?
>> I'm arriving on the
planet, and it looks barren.
Just stone formations.
>> How do you know this planet?
>> I have no idea.
It felt like something
I had seen before,
even though there isn't
really anything in my memory
that I can connect it to.
The purple is gone.
It's really just
orange from here.
>> OK.
So as you're looking around,
are you still an energy form,
or do you have a
different form now?
>> I'm still an energy form.
Just light.
No perception of a body.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> I'm going to head up
on one of the hills to see
if there's anything else to see.
>> OK.
>> When I get up to the hill, I
see a tower in the distance with
an energy light on top of
it, like a light beacon.
So there's energy going
from the tower into the sky.
>> What is that for?
>> I have no idea what
the tower would be for.
Just as I look up,
I see the light.
I feel a lot of warm comfort.
>> Are you still in energy form?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> There's pipes
running from the--
into the ground and going up.
>> A lot of energy.
>> So it seems to be somehow
funneling the energy from
the ground to the sky because
I can feel the energy going
through the pipes.
>> So the energy's coming
from the planet and going up?
>> Yes, going up.
Yeah.
>> OK.
>> It seemed to be an energy
center that I needed to go
to in order to not just
journey to the next point,
but also release additional
energies as I was traveling
through the energy
beam, I guess.
It looks like the energy
is being sent somewhere.
>> Is there a way to
follow the energy?
>> I go into the pipe.
I get picked up by the
stream and kind of get
the sensation of moving fast.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It's like I'm
being transported.
That's weird.
I do see the Golden
Gate Bridge, and I
seem to be flying towards the--
an uphill area.
It became first an
awareness of blue.
I remember that.
And then suddenly,
the recognition
that I'm over the ocean, facing
Golden Gate and the Bay Area,
but being up in the air still
as an energy representation.
Standing in the street
that I used to live on.
>> Oh, OK.
Tell me--
>> I am in my body now,
so in my younger body.
>> What stands out
to you about it?
>> Looks like my
parents are there.
They must be visiting.
I was happy to see them.
>> The story of his
life in the interview,
life was kind of easy.
Then it got kind of hard.
Then it kind of went
back into a flow again,
and that's the same pattern
his scenes did, you know?
This beautiful moment with
his mom and feeding the birds,
and then he went into
discovering himself and seeing
that he could do things that
he didn't realize he could do,
and started to
blossom as who he was.
>> Now something is happening.
There seems to be
like an earthquake.
[SWOOP]
>> How does that go?
>> It started with a rumble.
Now everything is shaking.
Looks like my mom and
dad are panicking.
They're running down the
stairs, leaving everything.
I'm following.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
Looks like the
building is crumbling.
There was an
earthquake, and this
is something that's completely
unfamiliar to my parents.
We don't have earthquakes
in Southwestern Germany.
For me, it was slower.
For them, they
immediately started
to run out of the building
and down the stairs.
I felt more like an observer.
There wasn't for me
the immediate need
to actually do
something about it,
which was odd because normally
my notion would also be, OK, got
to get out of here.
>> What's happening
with the body right now?
>> I'm just falling into space.
It doesn't make any sense,
but just into a blue space.
>> Now you're in the blue space.
Tell me about that.
>> Very comfortable.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Very protected, sheltered.
Now I'm recognizing
the landscape.
It took a bit of time before the
next picture manifested itself,
and that then ended up being a
property in Western Portland.
I'm now standing in
front of the house.
I go to the back, to the yard.
Very much at peace.
There's some birds coming in.
And as I was relaxing in
the yard, on the lawn,
in the shadow of the trees,
then suddenly the birds
came in and sat down next to me.
>> Tell me about that.
What kind of birds are they?
>> One is a steller's jay.
The other one is a red robin.
They seem to be getting
along with each other.
>> What else stands out
to you about this scene?
>> I see the eucalyptus
trees we planted as a baby,
and it's gotten huge.
It's very large.
>> He says how the tree is much
bigger now than it is currently,
which indicates to us that
he's now in the future.
Is there anything else you're
noticing around your house
or around where you are
that stands out to you?
>> I hear somebody is arriving.
I hear my wife and daughter
coming out of the car.
The birds are not flying away.
As I embrace my wife, the
birds are coming and landing
on my shoulder, both of them.
One to the left,
one to the right.
>> What is the
significance of the birds?
>> What comes to mind is that
they resemble my parents.
The steller's jay
would be my dad,
and the red robin
would be my mom.
So my wife and my daughter
came into the yard, joined us.
And instead of
leaving, the birds
ended up joining us by sitting
on top of my shoulders.
So we were one tight
group together.
>> Can you ask them why
they're there on your shoulder?
>> They're just saying
they're looking out for me.
>> Mm-hmm.
How does that feel to you?
>> Comforting.
>> Yeah.
The two birds are sitting on
his shoulders at one point,
and that indicates his
mother and his father,
which is also
indicating that this
is in the future when
his father's no longer
here embodiment
and has passed on.
It's showing him that
he will never be alone.
His parents will
always be there.
And he's got that
comfort going forward.
>> There's a big light that
comes down from the sky.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
>> Tell me about that.
>> It goes on the-- on the top--
top of the house.
The house has now turned into--
that doesn't make any sense,
but turned into a pyramid.
So it's kind of a
pyramid of light.
>> Michael sees this white light
coming down over his house.
And-- wait for it.
I'm waiting for it.
What is this light, Michael?
And he tells me
it's the pyramid.
And my mind just blows because
his wife, Sonsee, in her session
sees a pyramid over the house
that's connected to Michael.
>> We are working very heavily
on the pyramid grids that are
located throughout the planet.
And I'm connected to one
that is located over my home.
And it's not seen in third
dimension, but you can feel it.
>> There's a pyramid, an
energy pyramid above the home?
Is that what you're saying?
>> Yes.
There are squads connected to
each pyramid around the grid,
around the planet.
Michael is the Light Worker
that has built this pyramid.
He doesn't know it.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, Sonsee didn't know
everything either, right?
>> No, she didn't.
>> [LAUGHS] Maybe he'll
get to remember too.
>> Yes.
>> Do you know what Sonsee
believes about that pyramid?
>> Did my wife talk
about the pyramid?
Because that was a picture that
I hadn't seen at all before.
We purposely did not talk about
what's happened in her session.
I mean, and not in her first
or in her second session.
>> And may I speak to
Michael's subconscious, please?
>> Yes.
>> Why did you pick that
for him to see today?
>> It shows patterns.
It brings patterns to life.
>> Can you tell me about that?
>> He should avoid trying
to please everybody.
>> Mm.
So how does he stop these
patterns of doing that?
>> By setting boundaries.
Not take everything
in that comes at him.
>> Mm.
So how does he keep from
taking everything in?
>> By using his shields.
>> What do the shields do?
>> They block the negative
sentiment from getting absorbed.
Make sure he actively
protects himself.
>> I asked the subconscious mind
what the energy shields were
for, and they were to shield him
from the traumas from earlier
in his life.
If he were to heal the
trauma within himself,
would that energy go away?
>> It would go away, yeah.
>> Where does he
hold it in his body?
>> Around his--
his left side here.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Feels like a glob.
>> It's a glob?
>> Glob in the chest.
As I went through it,
it felt like this--
this ball pulsating.
It felt unhealthy,
something that definitely
doesn't belong there.
>> What does that glob
want Michael to know?
>> It should be released.
>> And if that glob could talk
to Michael, what would it say?
>> Being open to
the higher energies.
>> So are you able to help it
open to the higher energies?
>> Yes.
>> Mm-hmm.
What's happening?
>> It's slowly opening up.
>> Mm-hmm.
What's that feel
like to release that?
>> Very, very
soothing, relaxing,
like a burden is dropping.
>> Mm-hmm.
That must feel wonderful.
>> Yes.
>> What about the trauma?
>> It's fading.
>> What happens to the glob?
>> It dissolves.
>> And is that
completely released now?
>> Yes.
>> Wonderful.
Does Michael need
shields anymore?
>> No, he shouldn't
need shields anymore.
>> Doesn't need to
protect himself from other
people's traumas because
he let go of his own?
>> Yes.
>> What a beautiful thing to
hear when he comes back with,
I don't need the
shields anymore.
The trauma is gone.
What about his
affinity to running?
Where did that come from?
>> It provides him with
peace and opens him up
to the energies.
>> So he's had trouble running
lately because of the--
the problem with the knee.
Can you talk to me about
what's going on with his knee?
>> It looked like it
was tied to the glob.
>> It was tied to the glob?
>> Yes.
Looks like there was a line
going from the knee to the glob.
>> Oftentimes, our traumas can
create physical ailments within
our physical body to
get our attention.
Sure enough, the
pain was created
by inflammation that was
caused by friction, which
was connected to the glob.
So the subconscious I know
can do anything in any moment,
heal anything instantly.
Is this something that
could be done today?
>> It could be done today.
>> OK.
>> The space that created when
the energy was there will need
to close.
>> And is that happening now?
>> It's starting to rebuild.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Slowly regenerating.
>> Yeah, I'd like to make sure
that this doesn't happen again
for Michael.
I don't want the
injury to come back.
So what would be your advice for
making sure that doesn't happen?
>> He has to do regular
exercises so that what just got
rebuilt does not deteriorate.
>> Mm.
Is he willing to do that?
>> He should be doing that.
He's not always
willing to do it.
>> [LAUGHS] But to keep a
strong knee, I bet he would be.
>> Yes.
>> And is the knee repaired now?
[LAUGHS] That was
the first thing
I was testing when I'd gotten
up from the bench is like, OK,
there's no pain.
It still feels tender.
But in the moment, there is no
knee pain on the right side.
>> Anything we forgot to ask
today that you would like
to share with him?
>> I think this is--
this is it.
>> And it feels complete?
>> Feels complete.
>> Thank you.
It doesn't matter
if they're here
to work with the planet or just
the energy of their own home.
Their relationship is
going to be stronger
from this because
they're working together.
All right, Michael.
How long did you feel like
you were in that hypnosis?
>> Half an hour.
>> OK, two and a half hours.
>> Two and a half hours.
>> Overall, this experience
was mind opening for me.
The energy work,
the things happening
around our house, the
purpose of my life being
to reunite with my soul mate.
Those are just such treasures
that I'm so glad that I actually
got to experience this.
That makes the whole journey
absolutely priceless to me.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
It's been three weeks
since my QHHT session.
I had some time to digest
what I was learning.
I'm still completely
surprised and impressed
by the discovery of the glob.
I've learned that
I had to take care
more of my personal feelings,
connect with my inner self,
and really take time to meditate
and focus on really working
on the things that
happen so that there
is no accumulation
of energy in my body.
I've been starting to
do some running again,
so my leg is holding
up pretty well.
It's been getting better.
I'm up to-- my last
one was four miles,
so that's definitely on
the way to a recovery.
But so far, things have
been going very well.
I've definitely
become more aware
of the energies
that are going on
I'm exchanging with my
wife, my sensitivity
to energies, what I'm
learning about energies,
and how I react to energies.
This was definitely a
journey into my soul.
Thank you so much, Tracie, for
opening up that door for me,
and I'm looking forward to
discover more in the future.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]